content/project/2015/index.md, before:

---
title: Propiedades térmicas y estructurales de las nanopartículas de Fe, Al y nanoaleaciones de Fe-Al  
summary:
tags:
- Dinánica molecular
date: "2015-01-07"

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: ""

image:
  caption: Photo by rawpixel on Unsplash
  focal_point: Smart

links:
- icon: file-pdf
  icon_pack: fas
  name: Poster
  url: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4275061
- icon: code
  icon_pack: fas
  name: Scripts
  url: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4272062
url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: example
---
Se investiga mediante la simulación atomística con el método de dinámica molecular y potencial de interacción tipo EAM, las propiedades estructurales y térmicas de las nanopartículas monometálicas de aluminio y hierro, así como las nanoaleaciones de configuración core-shell de aluminio-hierro de diferentes tamaños y composiciones durante los procesos de calentamiento y recocido a diferentes temperaturas.

Commit message:

Se tradujo todo el contenido al ingles.

content/project/2015/index.md, after:

---
title: Thermal and structural properties of iron (Fe) and aluminum (Al) nanoparticles and their nanoalloys (Fe-Al)
summary:
tags:
- Molecular dynamics
date: "2015-01-07"

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: ""

image:
  caption: Photo by rawpixel on Unsplash
  focal_point: Smart

links:
- icon: file-pdf
  icon_pack: fas
  name: Poster
  url: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4275061
- icon: code
  icon_pack: fas
  name: Scripts
  url: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4272062
url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: example
---
I collaborated in the study of thermal and structural properties of iron nanoparticles, aluminum nanoparticles and their nanoalloys. The nanoalloys had core-shell structure. I investigated different compositions and sizes during the heating and annealing processes at different temperatures. I used the molecular dynamics method implemented in LAMMPS software. I also did the data analysis of the simulations with Python language and Ovito software.
